hi guys well today is a februari the
because what happens on februari the
new Business Corporations Act is coming
into force and it's been kind of nuts
because you know you have to study the
new law and apply the old law at the
same time so you can it might get
confused with the numbers so these of
updates I've been trying to remove the
sticker for a while and it just doesn't
come off because you know it's it's not
enforced that's no longer true from
today but yeah it's not I don't know
what they were thinking when they put
this that should have made it removable
because you know this it's pretty crazy
in the the courthouse in Montreal today
because essentially you know you have on
them on one side of the courthouse you
have the crown prosecutors that are on
strike and then are you know blocking
the entrance and all that and then
manifest them because they're not being
paid enough and on the other side of the
courthouse you have people who are you
know rioting because of you know they
want to use public funds for the air at
the arena
in Quebec City so it's like it it's
chaos on on both sides anyway I've been
busy recently that's why I haven't
posted too many videos but I mean I
think I also pretty much cook to
everything there was to cook and talked
about everything that was to talk about
them you know there's probably hundreds
of hours of me out there so I mean I
really don't know what I can add to this
and we have i've received a bunch of
messages people you know who want to
know you know if I I'm sick or or what's
happening and it isn't really you know
that big of a deal for the moment I mean
it's not like if I'm going to be in a
wheelchair by next week or anything you
know it's a it's a very slow progression
thing anyway it's well a couple days ago
there was a Valentine's Day party and it
was a little bit embarrassing because I
had problems like you know I filled in
my cup and you have drinks you fill your
cup and it's did I have to go very
slowly because you know if if I don't if
I go too fast to have a hard time
stopping at the right time so the stuff
you know spills over or you know if when
I'm drinking after all the cop would do
hands and go really slowly to make sure
that you know I don't drop it I don't
spell it so I think people are starting
to notice it's getting a more and more
difficult to hide but I'm doing rehab
couple
you can and it is kind of helping but it
does create a little bit of a strange
thing because I'm I mean I'm functioning
i'm all right i'm walking I mean it's
not that much of a problem i have brawn
may be walking down the stairs because I
feel like I'm losing my balance and then
going down the stairs so I have to to go
slowly you know in the in the subway
station you know my friends go down
before me and I have to get them wait to
wait for me because I I go down the
stairs one more more slowly but it's not
it's not like if I'm handicapped or
anything but it's kind of strange to be
in the rehab room and uh you know we
have people around you who can't walk at
all and stuff like that and you're
looking at as like what am I doing here
it is kind of a creepy feeling you know
to be surrounded by all that but anyways
ah so that's pretty much it I mean I
know people want to see me cooking
things and frankly I just I'm kind of
running out of ingredients I mean how I
would have made orange juice but I
noticed that these oranges aren't really
fresh anymore I mean they might look
fresh but they've been here for a couple
weeks and starting to out have a little
smell that's not that's that's not very
reassuring and I don't have really much
to cook with I mean I I normally don't
cook I hate stuff like this you know 29
I just throw it in a in one of these
things and fill it with water and eat it
or not make an omelet but I had like a
couple videos of me making omelets
already what what else I do i do I eat
chicken the one I eat chicken it's just
you know I
the ticket from the freezer and I put in
the microwave on three minutes it's done
I eat it so it's not the recipe into
anything really interesting to make a
video about well I might put these new
green thingies in boiling water or
something but yeah whatever anyway I'm
going to go to sleep now cuz i'm really
tired anyway good night guys
