okay well that's okay so i tried
emptying the remaining wax from the
candle cup by filling it with Drano so
because that thing is like an asset or
something so it's sort of yeah so it
looks like the wax kind of flew up and
cruising a little thingy attached to the
bottom there that seems to be gone now I
need to find a way to extract this stuff
and put it somewhere without poisoning
myself try with us oh yeah maybe with
this foam cup um yeah dibby hard way
ok yeah so
looks better than I thought wait a
minute I wouldn't say that I'm quite
ready to drink from this thing as a
writer was going to sort of on the edges
for a little while before the moment
just going to keep cleaning this thing
tryna really took out the wax from the
bottom wait a minute I have things so
pads and I might be able to remove the
burning marks that's gonna work out
pretty well yeah minute
still smells a little bit weird so I
guess that's pretty much it got myself a
new cup that at some point in history
used to be a candle wait now it's so not
took up there you go it's all done and
so the smell of Toronto
it doesn't go away well I'm just going
to have to keep rinsing it until it's
safe to drink from it yeah so whatever
he will I fill this thing with coffee
over and over again yes copulate thank
you
pieces of the chrono might actually
prompt do something and absorbs it taken
out and it's going to make sure that
they've got it right the dry run without
having with family ashley is that good
okay a last round of coffee
we're still kind of a smell of laundry
detergent or something but i think it's
all right anyway so yeah i think that's
that's it got myself a new Cup ye you
know that's one thing I I don't
understand I'm going to show you a
little bit of an example here let's say
that you have an object that looks like
this okay but in order for that object
to okay let's say this is how it's sold
as when you buy Lotus like this but for
that object to be used for the purpose
in which to it's just going to be used
for there has to be a little hole like
that
and so you have an object another object
that is sold separately that has this
shape and this object let's say this is
called a object eight that's the name of
the thing with metaphorically speaking
so let's say that this is called a
machine that is a an a-hole maker
because the purpose of this slow thingy
there is to make the hole in this object
to make it useful and so when you have
something like this people are
brainwashed into not saying what
actually makes that thing but to see it
as simply what the description makes it
out to be something that is made
purposely for the objective of creating
this hole in the subject and so it seems
that you know when someone like me or
whoever else uses this object for a
different purpose say like you have
water and you need the water to flow to
a certain point but not further and you
take this object and you put it like
this but just so that ever since it goes
up like that the water can accumulate
here then you have just enough water
that you need it flows up there not
further and this thing serves its
purpose people start lopping in
controllably just because a oh my god is
using the a homemaker for a purpose
other than making a hole in a when
people find that funny and I just don't
understand it I mean I've been doing
that all the time I use things for a
purpose different from the purpose then
we're made for lens you know this kind
of looks like it did but anyway and you
know sometimes it works better sometimes
it works less but I mean you know it I
don't see just just because the guys who
created this thing like that did it and
marketed for the purpose of doing this
thing
that if you use this as a random object
for a purpose that is different from
what it was originally intended for that
I don't see why that's funny you know as
a kid I was obsessed with everything
objects-- and I was like okay this
object was made purposely for this one
should only use be used for this and the
subject was used for that I mean it's
like when I make tea i use a coffee
machine yeah you know coffee maker and
I'll make tea with that and I put the
tea stuff worry no people put the coffee
grounds and and so I've had visitors
we're bending over laughing at this and
like what's funny well you're using the
coffee maker to make tea and they're
laughing and laughing like so it works
who the cares it works why
shouldn't I use a coffee maker to make
be but yeah it's like you know yeah use
the a homemaker to hold water like that
when people are laughing because that's
not what they a homemaker was made for
you know normal people are weird normal
people are weird and yeah whatever so
i'm going to sleep or something
goodnight
