well I'm such a big fan of horses so I
thought well why not try to make a video
about horses but I don't know what to do
so I thought well why not try to make a
video of me drawing the horse so let's
see how I can do this I'm going to take
a you know inkjet you know photocopy
paper and that this fine art graphic
credit color F sometimes I can use HB
but anyway let's see what I can come up
with
I don't have that much time so I'm gonna
try to do this quickly it normally would
take like maybe an hour to do something
good but I trying to see what I can do
in about 30 minutes or 10 minutes or
something Starwood's something it looks
like a circle not really much of a
circle but whatever
brother knows here you know what I like
about horses is that you know compared
to beef
horse meat is a lot more leanness got
bit less calories per gram but less less
protein do but it's it's very similar
but here's the thing if you buy a horse
meat that the price is about the same as
as if you are buying beef okay it's it
it doesn't really cost more but the
thing is that you get more bang for your
buck with horse meat and the reason for
that is actually very simple what
happens with horse meat is that well
with beef is that when you cook beef the
volume of the meat goes down by I think
it may be even as much as 30 or 40
percent you know for example if you
think 250 grams of beef and you cook it
when you are actually going to eat it
you're not going to get 200
the grams it's gonna be something like I
don't know maybe 200 grams or you know
something like that it's not gonna be
anywhere near as much you know so anyway
I'm trying to hurry up here because you
know I really don't have that much time
I'm not a YouTube partner anymore so I
can't have a limited time for my video
so I'm gonna have to you go as fast as
possible so obviously it's not gonna
come off to be very good but let's see
what I can come up with try to figure
out more or less where the eyes are
gonna fall and I think maybe the jaws
are the small here have the mouth here
and know if it looks like a mouth and
then when you try and draw something
like if you want to draw a horse the way
to tell if you're drawing a successful
is if it looks like a horse now if you
try to draw a horse and looks like a
rabbit you know then that's not good but
if it looks like a horse then what
that's okay and now I don't have enough
space in the paper so the nose is a bit
too short but well it doesn't really
matter anyway I will do what that to the
eyes should be more like this at the
hair
come out stuff like that there's another
word for hair I think hair sounds too
human I mean we're not talking about
human we're talking about a horse here
and you know if it's a girl you can have
a little you know thinking here like
that know it look cute little ribbon
you know pink ribbon and if it's a guy
well I don't know you can draw a really
huge penis somewhere but and of course
this it's only the head so you can't
really see it from here no I don't think
horses normally have hair this long but
this is a girl and it's kind of like
fashionable for girls to have long hair
so just do the chick here like that
how much time do I have left I think I
pretty much that's only four minutes all
right I had to stand up to look at the
timer on my camera because I don't know
I I can look at my watch but I'm not
sure what time I actually started making
the video I forgot it
to check it out so let's go quickly here
you know it's funny about horses when I
go to a stable okay I haven't been in
one for a while but when I do go to a
stable the one thing that really bothers
me to no end
okay is the smell of horses it's like
kind of like a sweat or I don't know
whether there's like some kind of a
smell that's very recognizable when I
smell this I know there's a horse
somewhere nearby you know and I just for
some reason I can't stand it that you
know I really can't stand that that
smell and there's just something
absolutely disgusting about and I just
can't quite put my finger on it it's
just something I can't stand and you
know the the the thing that's really
strange is that when I buy horse meat
you know and the this wonderful butcher
in the corner of OSHA laga and Nicholas
it's in Montreal right next to the
Juliet this if anybody is looking for
some good meat they should go there in
any case when I buy that the horse meat
when I notice it's kind of freaky but
they're they're horse meat smells you
know that there's a distinctive smell
and it really reminds me of that strange
smell that that you have you know when
when you go to a stable it there there's
something kind of similar you know it's
kind of a similar smell and it's really
really weird you know it's
it's kind of freaky it really can remind
you that you're eating a horse you know
and not some kind of strange weird
animal that you've never seen there's
something about eating animals that
you've actually seen that you've
actually interacted with you know if
you've actually ridden a horse as I have
some years ago it's a weird feeling to
actually eat it you know it's like wow I
remember these kind of animals if you're
eating beef I mean I've never met a beef
I don't know what beefs are like I mean
I've had I don't know about this stuff
so when I'm eating beef is I mean it's
like if I'm eating chocolate chips or
something you know it's like I don't
feel like I'm eating something alive you
know I mean I I eat turkey no problem
that I've never met a turkey of a soul
that's the thing about horse is that
it's kind of a strange feeling
especially if you like horses whatever
all right this turned out pretty right
because I don't have that much time so
strip it off all right so uh see you
guys some other time I'm gonna try to
make a video of some kind of a kitchen
recipe but you guys got to post some
ideas because frankly I just have
absolutely no idea no earthly idea what
kind of recipe to make so uh well anyway
see you guys some other time
