you know one thing I really like to do
is you know pretend that I'm in some
kind of a strange alternate universe you
know and that there's a war going on I'm
fighting you know monsters and things
like that and you know I like to
classify monsters and and do large
categories you know there's the bony
monsters you know that if you hit them
hard enough it breaks the bones and they
get all weak and everything and you have
to strike at their heart and then
there's the bloody monsters who die when
they you know they start losing a lot of
blood and there's several categories
I'll show you first of all phony monster
that is noodles now they're actually
pretty good martial artists because they
can fight and you know and they only
start getting weak when their bones get
broken
now that kind of like
yeah and here you can feel there's their
hearts hit it and the father starts
coming off means they're dead
now this kind of monster is usually weak
against the bloody monsters that is
those who those who don't have any bones
but if you hit them hard enough they
start losing their blood like this one
here so start fighting again the bloody
monsters to hit the wall you know so
that he starts to do get damaged and
then it explodes the body Monster is not
long enough
but the bloody monsters not able to find
the heart and so can't find where to hit
and doesn't have a sharp enough weapon
to be able to attack the correct spot
and now
the bony monster so injured can't move
but the bloody monster can't finish him
up completely and he just gives up but
then there are other types of bony
monsters these have a weakness on the
head when you fight them you try to do
like a piledriver but it's always very
long process that is until I come along
now I was afraid because one hit and
he's dead there you go my favorite type
of monster however are the self
repairing ones
this here's a self repairing monster
when he sees all the carnage but he
knows and when he gets injured that
injury can be mended with some water and
and it starts to to get better
no humid and anyway you don't really
have to spend money on action figures or
video games or whatever you can kill
everything you want just like that have
a lot of fun
ah gimme gimme we have to send this guy
off the hospital muscle of a blunt they
can see here give me a ass this is
bleeding heavily we don't have to
disinfect the wounds coz these monsters
are not like you know and they don't get
hurt by viruses but put some tape it's
like a plaster or something I can see
here and in some sense he's weaker than
the bony monster even though I'll during
the battle he was capable of you know
defeating the bony monster he couldn't
finish him off but he was I mean the
body monster couldn't do any damage to
him but when they fight against me even
though you know this guy is is a more
capable fighting against a bony monster
the weaknesses of the bony monster makes
it so that you know he lasts longer
against me because I have the sharp
weapon and as soon as I hit him with the
sharp weapon it kills him so anyway now
[Applause]
you know cutting off my victims and you
know eating them and all that yeah it's
pretty good um it's not strong enough
for me this kind of alcohol that
oh yeah I hope no one was a too freaked
out by the little stories that I posted
it's um the objective is just you know
to try to write something that and
that's fun to read it it's not supposed
to have any you know philosophical depth
or whatever it's little hobby like you
know creating things like creating
people or creating stories and and stuff
like that so yeah uh okay so good night
guys and uh yeah make sure you don't do
anything too dangerous and I think I'm
gonna jack off now so the night
