it seems that no matter how much time I
I've been spending trying to repair this
floor it's never quite level I mean it's
always like it just feels like somehow
you know I just do this and it's like
sort of embossed here or something like
it's not like completely straight or
whatever so yeah this is it's the marva
the chicken it's you get it from Costco
and this is actually it's um it's very
good chicken it's it's actually it's
kosher
so I mean Jewish people can eat it and
they're not going to go to hell or
something but you know it's actually
it's a good quality chicken and so does
this thing and so what what you do is
when you want to make good chicken you
have to like put it in stuff first so I
have like this little thingy and put the
chicken in it and
you gotta open it wait a minute I keep
doing things with one hand but sort of
chicken on the side there and actually
it's going to be some pretty good
chicken you'll see we're going to make
something that's actually pretty tasty
so first something smells weird here why
won't it wait a minute Oh Oh God
Oh No what is this this is the frozen
chicken from Costco but
I have the impression it smells kind of
weird it's it's frozen I just got from
Costco I don't wait a minute
maybe it's just my imagination I guess
okay so yeah first thing you do is you
just got to cut it in little pieces
which is not easy considering that it's
frozen what the hell did they put like
this stuffing looks like you know like
the baby whatever like the chicken or
something okay just gotta find a way to
unfreeze the chicken yeah I'm not sure
because normally I would put the thing
in there and leave it overnight in in a
balsamic vinegar and orange juice and an
orange juice but yeah so I guess what
I'm gonna do yeah okay what I'm going to
do is I'm going to leave the chicken
it's wait - wait a minute
I thought you just hot water
okay
I think the hot water is going to make
the chicken sort of softer
well the sort of blend here
and kind of funny okay
um let's see wait a minute
it's sort of squish here see it kind of
makes a little line there way up at my
hand but I guess I got it up a water
longer
okay I guess I'm going to pause this for
a few minutes while I find a way to
unfreeze this chicken okay I think I
actually did it enough here
okay so I can actually separate them
though so you just take them like one by
one and you put them in the pot thingy
not marijuana but the other sort of pot
you just kind of like okay like just one
by one there okay we sort of not easy
there okay all right should use my sword
for this or something okay sort of try
to have them all like on the ground
floor in there so that you might it's
going to be easier to like mix it with
this stuff okay all right so now what
you do is you just put a little bit of
the vinegar
we'll put some Tabasco later okay I
gotta get more crystal bombs at make
vinegar and yeah before starting the
oven it's best to take all your old
pictures or whatever else you have lying
up like yeah yeah yeah like empty
envelopes and pampers whatever okay and
also now you need sorry about that there
isn't much in this fridge but anyway so
I get the orange juice I'm gonna get the
knife back in it's sort of pocket there
okay all right okay and you put some
orange juice and get a nice mix of
orange juice and al Samak vinegar and I
mean it's like brown liquid but it's not
that really a nice tasty juice okay so
then you put the cover back on and you
put it in your fridge and basically wait
semi oh okay wait this is your super
heavy all right and you just leave it
there overnight and so I'll come back
tomorrow and we'll finish the recipe
okay I'm actually on my way back home
now and
it just it looks like it's the mill of
the night but it actually is not it's
it's actually just about 7:00 in the
morning but if you look at the sky you
wouldn't know you would think it's like
midnight or something and that's always
the thing at this time of the year I
mean it just feels like it's super late
to it it's not I mean you know yesterday
it was like 4:00 p.m. or something it
was already dark that's just super
depressing at this time of the year just
feels like it's night that every you
know that there they spiel barely
started they spare Li started and it's
it's already night anyway so I'm like in
my old neighborhood of called Dane eyes
and I'm going back to my old place to
finish my chicken that's been marinating
all night in that orange juice and
balsamic vinegar mixture and it it does
look like it's you know some sort of
disgusting thing but it actually it
isn't because it for some reason the
mixture of orange juice and balsamic
vinegar makes it like really tasty
that's you know that's the thing it
actually makes it super tasty and when
it's been marinating in that thing all
night
it just feels like I know for some
reason it's it makes it sort of like not
tendered it actually does make it a
little bit sticky before you put it in
the oven but when you put some garlic
and everything it actually it actually
becomes pretty tasty anyway so I'll show
you that recipe and
you know it's
it's a bit of a long way so yeah we're
going to have to be patient until we get
there because it's pretty far away and I
guess in the meantime the sun's probably
going to rise because I mean it's 7 a.m.
look at this look at the sky at 7 a.m.
and it just feels like
it feels like it's midnight I think
and it's something with the Earth's
rotation or something then somehow just
makes it almost impossible to have any
energy at all during the day like in
December and January and whatever
because they just barely have time to do
anything and then you know it's night
already you know
anyway
so yeah things suck and
whatever
so yeah we're going to change highways
here and
it's actually a little bit quicker than
I thought since there's apparently
nobody's working today since it's
December 26 so it just seems like
there's like barely anybody younger on
the streets
anyway
so yeah it's a boring day and there's
nothing going on
and we're not that far now it just
a little bit further
my god I'm already doing 30 kilometers
over the limit and people are passing me
I mean seriously it's just
yeah why even have speed limits but
anyway whatever
chuckles clinker on either I guess
whatever
so
we're not far we're not far we're
getting there the chickens waiting for
me I guess it's probably secured by now
is stuck in that old disgusting freezer
fridge or whatever same thing
yeah so like I said yesterday I haven't
made any videos and
couple years
I guess I don't know it just that was
appeared between like 2012 and 2013 that
my work schedule was pretty awful and I
barely ever had a break I was working
pretty much every single weekend that I
had to work and it was you know I barely
had a second
to myself then I changed jobs and last
summer and you know it just it gave me a
little bit more time not that much but
maybe a little bit more
you know I just
it's fun to work in life but what your
schedule is is like is such that
you can't even rest during the weekends
you're working five six weekends in a
role because they're just too much
to do and it's not it's not pleasant
it's not pleasant and you're like gee
man what the hell
you can't I get a break you know and
sometimes it just doesn't feel like you
can ever get a break you know
okay so this is my exit right here and
actually I'm almost home it's my old
place
that sort of been abandoned gotta find
out what to do with it I mean
you know I
I was thinking okay I might sell the
place but there's a lot of stuff to do
first I mean I can't just sell the place
right now I mean they're going to sue my
ass if they find out or when they find
out that the bathroom is basically going
to be collapsing under their feet so
they're going to be suing my ass then
but anyway it just I think maybe if I do
some basic repairs I don't know I just
you know maybe just clean it up a bit I
know I've been saying this for like the
past ten years I guess but seriously if
I can clean it up a bit I mean
you know it's going to be like
maybe at least I would be able to like
it the only thing that really that I
really have to do is in the bathroom and
maybe like in the entrance the door is
sort of
and the entrance the doors kind of are
not broken but it's like the framing
around the door that that needs some
work basically the framing around the
entrance door is on like the wood is
just sort of rotten you know it's sort
of rotten and um anyway I don't know it
just feels like I mean I tried to put
like plaster over the rotting wood
around the door and while it's half
rotting and half broken I guess it's
sort of both but I've tried to you know
put things around it but like this is a
plaster thing and I was hoping it would
just dry and I would count like sculpt
it in a nice shape and paint over it and
they put some tiles or something but
they didn't quite work out that way I
mean it didn't quite work out that way
it was
it was like you know it's just the
plaster thing just sort of fell off and
now it's like there's woodchips like all
over and the bathroom floor has just
been rotting I I mean I've I kept trying
to put things on it and repair it but I
just I think that what I really have to
do is remove the floor and have someone
put a new floor and that's what I have
to do and then there's the basement and
like just the pillars are no good and I
mean I'm just wondering I am I going to
take care of that of that basement you
know I mean
you know it's just it takes time to take
care of a place like that it takes time
to you know put it back to snuff and
it's not like if I have you know that
much time I mean I you know if I was
like an old man who is retired or
something then yeah you know I would
have the place back up you know really
quickly and it wouldn't be a problem you
know I just but I mean
it just feels like I don't know I just
don't have time to take care of the
place and it's just gotten worse and
worse and worse and worse and you know
now I think like there's a bad smell but
the smell is not any rotting food or any
disgusting thing that I might have left
in there that the smell is actually just
it's just like I guess the foundations
that smell or like the actual structure
itself you know it's anyway
it's just it's just horrible it's just
horrible
anyway so alright I'm back home so let's
work on that chicken okay okay
so here we are back dr. seven in the
morning so let's see our chicken that's
been in there all night oh this is heavy
okay alright
yeah obviously the problem here is that
the chicken oops is dripping this is a
little work and well it's not exactly
alright it's sort of it's not just a it
doesn't work but it's been like it's
been just shut out turned off because
it's been like as you can see like the
water was leaking from here and look at
what happened I mean the wood is all you
know there's rotting wood you know all
over in this building it's anyway okay
so what we need here let's just yeah so
the Sun is start finally starting to to
rise as you could see when we were in
the car you know this place is some
distance away and even you know if you
were with me for the long drive we still
didn't get to actually see the Sun Rise
even though it was a still you know like
just about 7:00 in the morning it's
still Sun still didn't rise
I guess it's just about to now oh my god
this is cold I kind of hurt your hand
like that I think that's all of them
right okay I'm going to just get rid of
this okay
all right okay so yeah I'm going to just
put the things out of the way because
when the when the oven is heating the
heat actually comes off from here from
this place here and I actually I think
it's this one it might be I think it's
this one I don't remember but it comes
off from one of them if you remember in
the older videos I had a whole bunch of
stuff in there and you know sometimes I
would start the oven and whatever was on
there would melt you know I'm gonna take
all these things out of the way so that
nothing else okay
oh I know what happy if you would cut
yourself on one of these things I'll get
like you go over or something
popsicle and all this stuff good nothing
this is from a Marcin are okay I'm going
to just heat the oven I like to put it
at 500 now you can put it at 350 but 500
okay so now we're the chicken ready and
have some aluminum foil both hands for
this I'm just gonna put this here for
now I notice with this camera my voice
very well I think the microphone on this
camera now you can just sort of like
reverse it right I know what you're
going to do you're going to take time or
however the hell you pronounce it this
thing there it's written like that I
know how to pronounce it and this is not
fresh this is just like the dry one I
got from the grocery and if you buy
fresh one it's like little sticks that
you can put in there but this is it's
good just the same so just sprays the
wrong it's like that
and it really adds a good space to the
chicken you know so spread it around
like that and it's a little bit more
yeah yeah just okay and then you put the
chicken over them and just try to have
like every little piece of chicken over
some of the time there yeah this wait a
minute okay
and like that okay
now the next step is it's actually a
Tabasco so I'm going to get a spoon or a
fork or whatever and I'm going to put
some Tabasco on every little piece of
chicken there
okay so just just so like couple drops
on every chicken it's actually going to
be really good because when you put it
in the oven like the Tabasco is going to
actually like cook with the chicken so
it is good it's going to be like you
know it's going to be pretty good it
actually is it's a really nice touch
when it actually cooks with the chicken
and you can see it's sort of like became
a brownish color because of the
thalassemic vinegar that we put it with
the orange you can just use orange juice
I mean you don't have to put vinegar as
well oh my god I just had open up with
anything over the night so because it's
I started eating already
all right and yeah so I like to put
balsamic vinegar because I feel it sort
of tastes better okay
now some salt a lot of people don't like
when you put too much salt so I'm just
going to put a little bit on each not
much because if I do it just for myself
I'm going to put a lot more salt because
I I always put a lot of stuff on
whatever I eat like if it's ketchup I'm
going to put a whole lot of salt in
there put a whole lot I mean no matter
what I put I put a lot but since they
are going to be eating this I'm didn't
put that much salt and oh yeah
and the next thing garlic granulated
garlic and you should I put a little
like design on it like this you know
like that chick - chick chip chip chip
chip chip chip chip chip chip chip chip
chip chip chip chip
and to cook and just cook okay so that's
it now we're going to put it in the oven
and oof I guess all the decomposing
ingredients are sort of like melting
away in there okay so I'm going to put
that in there and since I set it to 500
it won't take that long so I'm I'm gonna
check every 15 minutes I think it should
be good after about 30 to 45 minutes so
we'll be right back okay yeah I got this
at the Montreal Forum some time ago I
used to have the name of the players on
the back this one is a Kirk Muller and
they were like these caps came in like
he had like now Foose and bellows and
whatever and all these players had like
their numbers and thing on the back I
got this one because he was my favorite
but anyway here that was like a billion
years ago okay so it's starting to smell
but you know chicken is not ready yet it
kind of looks sort of brownish but it's
still you know fat still melting off so
let's give it a little bit more time
okay I took a long loop another smoke
all over the place so I think it's
probably ready what I'm going to do I'm
gonna get rid of some of this stuff then
I'm going to put a little heat pad
thingies on there like that loop and I'm
going to get my gloves or gloves since
I'm basically handicapped while I'm
making videos wait a minute okay what
you taught oh yeah
well not really because I'm wearing a
glove but okay I think it's probably
ready I'm not gonna turn the oven off
right away in case it still needs a
little bit more stuff I'm gonna just
check it out see if it's ready as you
can see it's smoking I got a light there
might use it I wasn't prepared but
anyway okay so the way to tell if it's
ready is to cut the one hand happen it
just it's going to yeah two hands would
be nice here it's a little bit difficult
to cut things with one hand I'll just
cut it do it like that let's look inside
Oh
I think it's good yeah I could use maybe
five more minutes it's almost ready okay
I'll put it back in yeah where's my
glove oh oh yeah
I'll put it back in but it's like it's
pretty much ready just just a few more
minutes for some people this would be
ready but I like it just a little bit
more crispy so I'm gonna put it back
okay I'll check back in a couple minutes
okay it's good now yeah okay
Oh oh my god I forgot you always have to
step away when you okay let's just turn
this thing off there and I'm going to
take the chicken out and oh yeah okay
it's ready now it's more than ready it's
more than ready and yeah there we are
okay so what I do when I it's ready I
take little boxes and we just going to
put the chicken in the in the boxes wait
cause I'm not going to eat that right
away my teeth would just the glove boxes
like that basically just going to put as
much as possible in this box and you're
going to just let it cool off a little
bit when it's not hot anymore you just
put it in the in the fridge and so that
it's going to be good for a few days and
when you want to eat it it just take a
piece and for the microwave for one
minute and it's good to eat you know I
mean you could eat it right now like
this but I mean if you eat all of that
to probably die or something
just you know if you want to prepare the
you have it you have some chicken for a
couple days so you could eat like one or
two like this per day and it lasts you a
week or something so that's fine okay
put this one here and I guess I got a
taste since I don't know if it's
remember yesterday the chicken when I
opened the actual chicken thingy there
was a strange smell so I don't know if
it means anything it looks fine now it
doesn't smell bad at all anymore let's
just taste this thing yeah I know it's
one-handed okay
let's taste this um I think it looks
okay
hmm oh yeah oh yeah it's pretty good
oh it's perfect all right so here we go
that's my chicken so we'll see you guys
some other time okay
