let's see what it tastes like
maybe it's the oyster thing forget it I
don't want to talk it's something else
what I want to stop the earlier about
brainwashing I'm gonna use a specific
example you know math math is the prime
example of what our thinking is about
when we think it's like math so one
tomato + 1 tomato equals 2 tomatoes you
really believe that don't you oh my god
people actually they think that huh
anyway I'm gonna show you something
Oh famous work and I wait it that's all
I'm gonna get a pencil wait a minute ok
let's try this let's analyze a little
thing you've just made here
oh yeah I've been drawing this little
thing if you don't recognize him that's
it's supposed to be a looong cupboard
see looks like him forget okay so if you
want to think like I don't care you have
to see the world and double okay you
have to see two worlds within one world
so one domain Oh plus 1 tomato equals 2
Tomatoes that is true in one world and
false or rather no it's true in one
world and neither true nor false in the
other one ok because I'm gonna show you
how it's true in one world and how it's
not true in another one a first we'll
start with the first world well call it
world a in the world a you have atom may
don't and this qualifies if you read the
dictionary definition of what a tomato
is this qualifies you neither have a
circular definition you don't have a
vague definition you have a definition
tomato is XYZ and you read what the
definition is and you look at this and
you recognize this is a tomato so you
have one tomato this is also qualified
as a tomato
so you add
the two tomatoes and you get two
Tomatoes
that is the world we live in now this
world is to the real world what a video
game on your computer is to your
computer ok now we'll go to and talk
about the other world world and people
are taught from childhood to think in
terms of world age because that is the
world we inhabit world be is a world we
can never enter we can never be
completely in it but some people are
sick and sick means you're not like the
norm and when you're sick you deviate
and you are more and more outside of the
box of world a and you deviate towards
weren't B
