well looks like my heart is a little
tired might be more relaxation or energy
drinks whatever anyway ah so you know
I've been thinking about you know the
philosophy of cooking you know and it's
a mysterious thing because when you're
cooking you're putting food I mean
together and you have like individual
things like Anna the fruit sir
that's Tomatoes here trying to get one
now individually this thing is good and
at some point history people decide well
you know what we're gonna make something
else we're gonna make
meet
okay we're gonna try to make I guess the
point of food is that you know if you
don't eat you're gonna stop no but
sometimes food is so disgusting that
you're not eating anything so we're
gonna try to make something taste good
like a cake you know take these things a
small floor yeah
make cake you mix floor with eggs put
this here and that's one egg and here oh
yeah I need a fork because the fort has
little spaces between its things that
makes it easier to mix stuff
you know I realize this the weird thing
about meeting beings is this everybody
knowing your truth about everything but
everybody ignores the truth about
everything it's like what happens when
you grow them up as it as a baby as a
baby you know you are the ultimate being
of knowledge but the more you grow up
the more you brainwash into artificial
reality you know when people are
brainwashed they just oops camera
thing you got stuck in there yeah not
disgusting okay you know they they
forget they ignore this
okay so what else do we add to this
thing I guess oil or something you got
no oil apparently never it's got
its extra virgin huh okay wait a minute
whoops okay you know I know there's
something especially in the past when I
was making a videos more often about a
year or two ago and I was reading that
the comments that the people were
posting and sometimes people are like
you know he's completely drunk you know
in the video and sometimes people are
like no this time he's sober and it more
career and whatever and I realize it's
to have the other way around sometimes
you know I'm drunken and people say that
I'm sober and when I sometimes don't
know not always but sometimes you know
I'm sober and people think I'm blasted
drunk I guess maybe it's because I have
I'm one of the few people I guess who
have been able to bypass
you help someone out you know you get
someone in trouble and you care for that
person at the same time you know there's
someone the other end of the planet
who's dying and who's suffering even
more than the guy you're helping and do
you care about it well you say well no
of course I don't know about that get it
but the truth is that you do know that
it happens but you don't care but you
know about it you know but so why do you
care about the person who's right in
front of you the person that you see
suffering yeah and the person that
you're helping out it's because while
you feel good helping people out you
know and so that's the thing you know
the basics of every behaviors
fundamentally selfish even the most
apparently altruistic counted behaviors
you do something for someone else but if
what you're really looking for is you
know your own you know you feel good
about it you're looking to feel good
because it helps someone now that's a
selfish thing even though you're not
really being selfish you could say that
if you want to divide the world between
good people and bad people you could
save their people who enjoy doing bad
things and do bad things
people who enjoy doing bad things and
don't do bad things and people who enjoy
going and doing good things and do good
things and people who are joining other
things who don't do good things the
classical bad guy is
Joy's doing bad things or doesn't but
just because someone does and Joy's
doing bad things that doesn't mean he's
gonna do them if he can resist they see
really a bad guy yeah think about it but
in the end it's really all the same and
I don't know how this can work here Oh
technically I should put it in the oven
but the thing is that uh let me think
when you put in wait yeah you get heat
from the top as well as I I'm not sure I
understand if you eat you get heat from
then into here you just get to heat from
the bottom oh wait a minute I'm gonna go
get something okay wait
it is boiling if I can yeah is
sticking to the bottom that's what I
thought would happen yeah we can't do it
cake like that oh well we're gonna
pretend to this wait a minute that kinda
does look now you see no holes in
between almost looks like a cake I guess
I can see here oops
getting all foggy it almost looks like
yeah look little part of it see has
become a cake like though we stopped so
this is gonna be half and half cake
mixture like you know party we can add
some seasoning I guess I have cookies
nice little wheat cookies here see same
shape too although I can't really use it
for that purpose any condoms can be fun
sometimes you know like to see this one
the same thing except that here we have
a little S at the end even the font is
the same there's a lot of things that
can do with this like real purpose why
was made
is a little bit different than what most
people would figure let's ride this I'm
gonna blow it like a balloon
let's try again
wait this thing is too big here and
there you go that's the only thing used
to and this things are good for really
because there are fun killers I mean
really that's what they are they're fun
killers yeah at least you can have some
fun with them and another way you know
what you should try next time that a
girl ask you to do to use one of these
you know what tell her you know I'm not
gonna you unless you are a tampon
at the same time you know so then you
know what I feel like anyway so we can
try all this stuff you know cooking
always starts with trial and error and
make something that's all the message
people just I mean you know they're very
complex Express
you're just gonna wonder you know it's
like Adam and Eve at some point you know
you had the first person who made it but
that first person didn't know the recipe
you know when he made it it's like he
definitely must have tried like
something that nobody had tried before
it's like random you know then at the
end you think okay well this might taste
good with that or and it just happens
pretty random really
this is oyster sauce protein as well
because right now it's like a full of
carbs or whatever you can trying to add
some cheese this thing up this your
friends and living beings you know it's
a sweet food we respect that
the problem is that doing that makes me
feel like Jeffrey Dahmer you know it's
brought not the best image
