without ever reaching it and the more
you drift away the more you think in
some other terms and you can ever
explain what world be is because you can
only see it from the lenses of the
brainwashing of world eh and if you can
see it better than most people you can't
communicate it because it's like a
satellite television satellite
television they don't communicate
directly they go through the
intermediary of the satellite and world
a is like an intermediary that prevents
us from entering the other world but in
this world 1 equals 1 point 0 000000 all
the way to infinity so now let's take a
little bit of an example you have these
two tomatoes what if I take this ok and
I cut out a little portion how do you do
that on the tomato
even it up yeah okay now what do we have
here is this a tomato yeah it's a tomato
is this a tomato yeah it's a tomato so
we have two tomatoes this is true here
but here it can't be either true nor
false because this number is not real
what it is it's a symbol a symbol is a
tool a symbol is something that we use
to orient ourselves and to communicate
so when I cut this little thing here
what you have this is not zero point
nine nine nine eight percent of a tomato
or rather nine ninety eight percent or
rather ninety-nine point nine eight
whatever if you want to be anal about it
this is not you know a percentage of a
tomato just because we took a part away
from it okay if one is the tomato this
is not 0.9 whatever that's not what this
is this is a tomato it's still one but
it's one here because when we're
counting is not the mass it's not the
reality we are not counting the
accumulation of the neutrons and
electrons but the billions and billions
of them that have come together to form
the shape that's not what we're counting
because no two tomatoes are exactly the
same weight no two tomatoes have exactly
the same composition so this number is
not real when it comes to county
tomatoes what we're actually counting is
not something that exists outside of us
we're counting something that exists
within us we're counting cymbals and the
word tomato is a symbol the definition
of tomato in a dictionary is a symbol
and when we see this we see a layer of
existence from a certain vantage point
and that vantage point is something that
cannot that doesn't have any meaning by
itself it's like binary code it only has
meaning when it's interpreted by a
machine okay and that machine is our
brain we get this information from our
eyes of the shape we see and our brain
puts it back together and forms an image
that appears in vivid color in our
consciousness and we remember all our
experiences in life we remember seeing
something just like that or very similar
to it that has the same texture a smell
and the feel and we've seen other people
heard other people call this a tomato
and a tomato is the concept that exists
in our minds that dilemma nates
artificially the reality we see around
us and so a tomato inside of us is a
concept that we use to cut all around
this and separate it from the floor and
the air around it and makes it into an
entity of its own and there is one
concept here of a tomato who the one is
the concept
in our brain one concept in our brain of
tomato plus one concept in our brain of
tomato equals two concepts in our brain
of tomatoes that is the world we live in
in the world be in the other world this
is nothing but matter that is taking
forms and moving around like a swarm of
bees can all the bees are moving around
all of a sudden the bees form a circle
and you see this a circle exists does it
really while you see a circle but soon
after a few seconds later all the bees
move in a different direction there is
no longer any circle but all the
physical matter that composed that
circle still exists just change shape
this is just an accumulation of matter
and the word tomato does not have any
existence it is in our mind that is why
in one world it is true that one tomato
plus one tomato equals two tomatoes we
have two tomatoes and it's true it's not
false it's true in this world and in
this world is neither true nor false
because in this world truth is not what
it is in the other world in this world
truth again is just a tool of
communication it's just something we
used to facilitate our lives and so
that's why people get brainwashed but
the brainwashing is not necessarily bad
because if we weren't brainwashed we
couldn't survive we have to be
but just because we have to be doesn't
mean we can't acknowledge that we are we
have created an artificial world the
world of our point of view of our
consciousness that we use for our own
benefit and that's what happens when
people get confused between the two they
don't know what's real anymore it's like
when you ask what does God exist well
there's one world and there is the other
what does existing means does this
circle exist even though a few seconds
later the beanies are in a different
position do I exist am I just a physical
matter that composes me am I just the
idea of myself that exists in the minds
of people and the footsteps that I have
left in the desert of life what if white
all fades away do I still exist we can't
answer that if you don't know what the
word needs and it's just a word it means
whatever we want it to mean language is
not the slave of dictionaries
dictionaries is a slave of language and
languages are asleep because we built it
it's ours and that's why we're
brainwashed and I think that I'm getting
car so I'm going to drink the coffee or
something good night guys
