all right so um I was it's um like like
this big kind of you know sausage-shaped
but bigger thingie of meat you know like
the brown one is beef and the like gray
one is chicken and I noticed that like
like on the like if they have like this
little thingy of beef like on the top
like they have like a like an iron spike
or something and there's tomato and they
kind of let the tomato um sort of like
leak on the on the the meat so I was
thinking you know I try the making a
making steak and leaving a tomato on it
and it was really good you know so let's
see
take that bought some steak and a mint
yeah the Commission recovered it okay so
tomato
[Music]
oh yeah you know recently instead of
this one's one instead of putting oil
first take these little thingies there
know what look like thingy and okay
let's see try to cut
okay I
okay that's better laughing I suppose
okay I want to cook that like wrapping
so I'm going to take it off okay wrap
and tie in there
okay medium boom let's close this
Oh kind of difficult this one kind of
like okay
[Music]
okay I guess close that perfectly didn't
right
[Music]
just like
so there's a little bit everywhere it's
kind of mouse though by level of
closeness inside
I'll go through it
I put so much stuff in there
there yeah okay so now skies like
tomatoes yeah you gotta wash it off all
these pesticides or whatever it makes
like put on there I think I accidentally
push the off button on the machine like
a weighted let's try to remove that a
little thingy on the top this is really
hard out okay remove the like the hard
part cuz it's not good
okay I feel a little thingy here like I
don't know why this I made this hard
part
okay and try to cut it with one hand I
know how Jamie and I mr. it feels okay
wait okay let me just put like the
tomatoes on top of that thing in there
like that and then like when you flip
the steak over you kind of just mix the
tomatoes in okay ouch
god damn it
the miracle I still have all my fingers
after all the cooking of the moon
actually it's a miracle I'm still alive
but anyway yeah you know there was a
story like you know a long time ago some
guy wrote Tom like some kind of
philosopher same thing
what are you put two stickers on this
one I mean seriously
someone wants buy half a tomato they
gave someone else lights the other half
okay so there was this guy I don't
remember the name and he wrote like a
story about like you know when you're
like when you have chicken in a
slaughterhouse you know and you know the
only thing that they know in their life
is that you know every morning it's out
the Sun goes up and every evening like
the sound goes down and you know they
they don't really know what's going on
you know they're like all cooped up in
the slaughterhouse and they don't know
it's all like a grand design you know
that at some point they're just you know
going to get eaten up or something you
know like they well not not even
directly but they don't know that like
they're in a slaughterhouse
you know they they're just like you know
they're you know they see that the Sun
goes up every morning and goes down
every night or something and so they
they just assume that that's the way
things are that's the way things are
always going to be but you know then one
day they just wake up and they get you
know card off to some someplace and they
just get you know their heads
collectively chopped up you know or
something and so that guy said something
like you know but maybe humans are are
the same you know it's like
you know these chicken they they have
the same reality like every single day
and they just assume that this thing
reality is and you know what's always
going to happen you know every morning
you know the Sun goes up or maybe the
Sun Goes Down and stuff like that and
[Music]
but then one day they you know they get
killed oh yeah well that was but among
those I think oh yeah so wait a minute
I guess I'm sorry today I don't remember
what the point was but yeah I mean I I'm
so life but I know maybe not I guess I
don't know Louis to me how would you
know okay so it's just there's kind of
fog on the other side of the camera
okay let's stop the video and come back
after a few minutes because it's cooking
oh it's oh it's quicken little by little
I change this thing recently and it's
really Verde
I really gotta clean this fish anyway
there's a fan in there if you turn it
down
anyway so the fan goes up there now the
previous machine some of the older
videos you see like when had the brown
thing and when I removed the brown thing
because it was really old I mean I
noticed it you know up there well it's
uh it's wood
see there's no hole it's not I mean the
DES fan here isn't sending the air and
some kind of like hole in the wall or
something that goes outside to ventilate
the place it's blowing the air right on
this thing so I mean it makes no sense
it kind of looks like you know it anyway
so I put this one instead but it really
serves ups with no purpose I mean it you
know the error just hits the wood and
comes back out it completely it makes
absolutely no sense actually to have
that but anyway so
rustic like brown later when the camera
lenses get foggy it just kind of feels
like like the camera I got this one take
this one better
I put cooking this and butter as well
when I make like on the lecture
someplace I mean but I I no longer use
oil for her state these little bigger
thingies I use long for that Metra steak
I like to use butter because I don't
know why it just it's just better than
just tastes better for some reason and I
used to put like well you know balsamic
vinegar or something
don't bother just we'll put a little
tomato on that since I started trying
that
they just exist good it's really good
when we do that besides those Tomatoes
you know once you finish they're pretty
good
the millions of people visit the
genocide
okay
okay so it's been looking a little more
let's take another plate you wanna leave
it all right I mean you're so used to
doing things with two hands that you
should the forks
[Music]
[Applause]
and
[Music]
well um this is certainly completely
done that I like to cut it down like and
tiny pieces and you know put it back
 let's try to
okay I think that this is out fingers
hurt doing that okay getting through it
[Music]
okay so exists least not really finished
visit there's like some kinky things
like in the middle Oh have to put it
some more let's think the other one in
the meantime okay
[Music]
this thing is above our okay now at this
stage it's almost done you just kind of
mix I guess let's make it a little bit
hotter and so you see it really gets
kind of like mixed in with with the
butter and the tomato juice and it
actually becomes like super super tasty
so
it makes it back like that
okay
we
oh now we wait I guess so well it's
pretty much done I suppose
let's wait a couple more minutes
okay I think it's pretty much done take
another plate I like just throw them
away when you're done I mean have like
you know a bunch of place like that but
you know I never actually use them you
know because you know you know you have
to wash them after and it's just so I
prefer to use these because you can just
throw them away so much easier okay so
that's my state disinterestedness
so there we go we're done
just add some salt
yeah
and it's pretty damn good how thick and
nice it is like kind of rosy from the
tomatoes
that's some really good stuff so yeah
try it out and um I mean I think if
people could please food is good them
there won't be any Mars in the world
anyway so um so yeah that's a nice
tomato steak thingy there it's really
good
