hello haven't made any videos and
sometimes so I guess I I thought I would
try to make something
it's I have no idea what I have here I
guess
wait a minute ah I could get some bread
then oh yeah I know what wait a minute
I like some bread I'm gonna make my
favorite sort of breakfast even though
it's 7 p.m. I just gotta wait a minute I
gotta open this thing just sorry alright
I haven't cleaned up at all
okay I'm gonna make sort of an egg
sandwich I know it's not like exactly
unique sort of recipe but I got this
tiny little egg thingy there and I'm
going to use this coconut oil
wait a second
yeah so it's today is Christmas Day 25
some years ago I haven't really updated
it I guess part of the reason is not
that I was like sick or dead or whatever
it's just that I don't like do YouTube
it just feels like you know they're sort
of like pushing you to use I you know
like they're trying to get you to use
Google+ accounts and I mean I never
signed up for Google+ but then I found
out that I have a Google+ account even
though I never signed up and the reason
why I have a Google+ account is that
somehow they just give it to you like
when when you have a youtube account and
they're just trying to sort of force you
to kind of like you know have all your
accounts at the same place and and
they're trying to get you to you know
comment on YouTube videos with your
Facebook account or
or whatever and I mean I don't know it's
just it used to be that Facebook an
update but that's YouTube was just like
a normal website that you would just
sign up there and you know put videos
and comment on videos but now I mean
they're turning YouTube into you know
they're trying to make it into some sort
of a weird social phenomenon or
something you know they're trying to
force you to have like a billion
accounts all joined into one or
something and it just kind of like that
I thought that was sort of weird and so
I don't know I just kind of like never
really liked having too much wait a
minute I'm going to use this having too
much social media sort of thing there so
yeah and also I gotta be honest another
reason I haven't been making videos is
that I really don't really know why
people were even watching those videos
in the first place at some point there
were a whole bunch of people watching
those videos and and I just was a little
bit puzzled by it to be honest but
anyway so yeah I thought I would just
put something up since I haven't put
anything up in a couple of years uh ya
know I'm a I mean I've been fine I mean
it's just a lot of work and sort of you
know kind of a lot of travel to I mean I
have to I'm on the road quite a bit also
I'm in the United States every week and
the sort of going back and forth between
the United States and Canada and you
know having to cross the border and I
don't have like a nexus car
so I have to you know have to stop at
the border each time and it takes hours
and and you know there's traffic
sometimes and not always but sometimes
you have to wait like you know an hour
had the you know the border the it's
called that they call it Highgate
Springs that border thingy and you got a
sometimes wait like an hour there and so
it's just you know and whenever I I want
to do something for myself you know I
just find out that my time is kind of
like it's hard to anyway the trick about
this sort of thing II there is to kind
of like just to know when to turn it on
the other side and I have this wait a
minute yeah it's not clean I don't want
to use something that's not clean wait a
minute
we'll just give me a sec here yeah the
problem is that I'm just usually too
lazy to clean up so that's why I have a
whole bunch of stuff like in the sink
there I like using this to clean because
it's got bleach in it you know like
bleach thingy so I can like just reach
the thing
so it's not like I didn't truly clean it
but sort of I guess it's kind of like
does the same kind of thing
I don't want my eggs to smell like Beach
but anyway okay close enough yeah so um
yeah wait a minute
okay
they just sort of like have to grasp at
the corner there and you have to kind of
like have the whole thing come
underneath your thingy so that you can
sort of like reverse it while it stays
whole sort of like wait a minute
sort of feels like I'm playing Skyrim or
something there wait a minute uh
actually this feels more like
masturbating like moving up and down
with this thing okay I sort of got it
mmm
smells a little bit weird though Jeff
forgot how hard it was to cook with one
hand I mean I okay sort of okay I guess
that's sort of good yeah so now
basically you have like these two slices
of bread there and it just kind of like
wait you just helped yeah it's like the
metal this is like rubber but there's
like a male inside so it's sort of yet
sort of hot thing they just like yeah
smells like yeah disgusting
bleach smell anyway so I got like pepper
just sort of like pepper it up I like to
put a lot of pepper because it's just
really good like that and it's hard to
put it back in but I guess that will do
okay um yeah so um was I talking about
yeah so kind of hard to clean this stuff
that's why people don't clean a little
bit if somehow if cleaning was easier
people would clean but films are
cleanings hard so that's why people
don't clean hey well there you go that's
the like egg sandwich like perfect
breakfast
I just got about a million calories but
it's okay that's just like that's a very
basic sort of thing you know it's like
yeah mmm all right super tasty so yeah
um mmm so I guess that's it yeah um I
guess I'll see you guys some time I
guess yay
