I see philosophy is a battle between
hard and soft and I'm not talking about
porn here I'm talking about the ability
to see existence as waves you know waves
rather than shapes and here's an example
when you try to find the ultimate truth
the limit that language imposes on you
is a limit of shapes so you have the
shape for example like this this
represents good and this represents evil
and you see these shapes straight in
your mind and events actions what you
see you interpret according to these two
shapes and some actions correspond to
this one others to this one they're
absolute shapes but then the soft
philosophy is to see actions like this
waves go one way another
a continuous flow that doesn't stop and
here you focus on this part right here
goes up shifts to the left so you say
this is good you take ideal form the
hard form and you interpret reality
according to it and that is your limit
of language what you see here you can
only relate by giving it a form that
already existed beforehand therefore it
can never be had person accurately say
this is a good action this is a bad
action and that's the only way you can
describe it to someone else but then
someone can come and tell you well no
it's not necessarily good because here
instead of being straight up and kind of
turn like that
but then it didn't have a sharp angle
here it kind of moved in like this a
little bit and then what's even worse is
that you know when it goes on all of a
sudden it can turn to the other side and
whoopsie focus on something else and you
say something is evil that's something
that is fundamentally artificial it is
counterintuitive it's not human and you
see this in a form of bureaucracy where
everything has to be predetermined
instead of being analyzed for why it is
and that's why all the words in every
language that we have give us the same
restriction we are trained to see shapes
and everything that we see everything
that we hear or smell we insert it in
one of these shapes and separate them so
while you see we have a tree and we have
the branches they have the roots and
leaves each of them are specific things
that in our mind we have all these
little shapes that we've learned and
when we receive the information we put
what we see in one of these shapes and
we cut off what we don't understand what
we haven't been trained to understand
but in reality the tree we see it's all
a continuous flow of movement that's a
flow of energy and there is no place
specifically where you could say that
the tree ends and the soil begins
because it's all flowing like that you
cannot separate it and say here's a tree
here's the soil there's nothing in
between there's this perfect separation
it doesn't exist all existence is waves
not shapes and that's why a syllogisms
and all the foundation of our philosophy
for hundreds of years everything that
has shaped our way of thinking is wrong
because we see shapes instead of waves
something is either good or evil some
someone is either healthy or sick you
have good people and bad people you have
the victim and the criminal you have the
rich and the poor
but all these dualities are false
because they give hard shapes to a soft
substance that does not fit into these
shapes and so we have trained ourselves
to think not only not as humans but as
machines as artificial beings and well
it's it's a shame but whatever who gives
a
let's just drink some beer and we'll all
be over with
okay whatever
