now I've been thinking about one thing
that has kind of boogered my mind for a
while and it's what is racism you know
people will say well that's judging
someone by their race and I think there
is really one way to explain it that is
going to make one a lot of sense so
let's see if I can get something done
here let's say that you meet a black guy
so what are the things that you know
about him well he is black that's all
you know about him he has thick lips and
a wide nose so you meet this guy and
this is the only things you know about
him so when you talk about that guy to
someone else what you're gonna say well
I met this black guy and people like I
said well you're racist huh you got to
say something about the guy that's all
you know because you don't know him
that's what racism is but let's say that
you know this guy you meet him many many
times and you know he's your sister's
boyfriend or something I know that you
you're just around him for a long time
and so then you start to know more stuff
about him you learn that he's a liberal
you learn that he likes the Power
Rangers ah you learned that he's uh
bisexual ah you know and you can go on
and on and on you learned that he has a
nervous tic where he's always kind of
banging his head to the side or whatever
and you know just the more you go on the
more you
around him the more you've got stuff
that can add up you know he has a deep
voice and he likes horror movies and he
is an edmonton oilers fine and you know
the more you know the more you're like
oh well I met this bisexual guy or I met
this guy with a deep voice or I met this
liberal or I met this Edmonton Oilers
fan so the more you know about the guy
the less likely you are to put his race
or his religion say he's a moron or
whatever as the only thing that that you
got to describe him you know and the
longer the list is the more random it is
which one of these things in your mind
is going to be more of the most
important I mean obviously the more
racist predispositions you have the more
race is going to be you know at the top
but you know it's it's all relative you
can have some things are going to be
more importance on things less important
whatever but the more you know the less
likely you are to be prejudiced about
this guy and that's why you know I think
when you have a politician like Obama
maybe at first he might be disadvantaged
because he's half black but after people
see him on TV so often that they think
that you know that TV's broken if he's
not on it then perhaps you know at this
point race doesn't matter as much as it
might have before because they know so
much about him that you know it doesn't
really matter anymore because they got a
long list of things so I think that's
really the only way to defeat racism is
to get to know people because the more
you know about people the the more stuff
you've got to evaluate that guy I mean
maybe you hate blacks maybe like Oilers
fans you know and you you like the power
range
jurors and you go out of stuff in common
you know so relatively you mean not
everybody is racist it's not like some
people I racist some people are not
racist see they say it's all the various
degrees you know and the less racist you
are the quicker the race thing is going
to go down on the list and the more
racist you are the more time it's going
to take but eventually you're going to
have some stuff that that's going to be
more important you know it's like you
meet a Jewish guy and you find out that
he's an investment banker you know so
you start to know more stuff about him
you know that's not like that kid in
South Park you know the more you know
that the less you have to rely on race
and religion well that's pretty simple
so like whatever just get to know people
or something
