okay hello I want to show you a recipe
well it's not really recipe it's a way
to eat
need a pot like this that has before you
have something that you can cover it
with okay so that it's it's close on the
inside and we're going to take half a
cup of rice of you can use a cup like
this half a cup it's about 125
milliliters but you can just instantly
that's a little bit more but don't go
over so you use 1/2 a cup of brown rice
and 2 cups of water
you're gonna cook it at maximum
intensity and leave it there for 14
minutes 13 or 14 minutes and when it's
done you put half a lemon so
I'm gonna stub this for now because I
have things to do but I'll start it
later and so in 15 minutes we'll have
the rise that that will be ready so
we're going to start this up always make
sure that you don't have anything that
can catch fire underneath here sometimes
it happens you know when I hear the
whole thing on and you know this
whatever you know what happens when
you're cooking the rice some little
things are going to fall on the side and
it's going to accumulate around this you
know you know when you cook rice like
every day eventually uh you know there's
a big accumulation and it can catch fire
so you should clean this stuff regularly
so we're gonna turn it on at maximum
intensity and it's gonna be about 13 or
so it's just about ready so we're going
to prepare the lemon will I usually have
them here one off running out so let's
take this one and I got to watch out cuz
when the bubbles are gone and you know
it's over so take these books off nice I
usually do this with two hands but what
I'm gonna have to do this off camera
okay chop this thing
now we're going to need this little
machine now that takes the juice okay
then we need a spoon
so just half
it's very much alright
so like I said to see that little blue
thingy is always falling off the side so
you have to clean the pot every time but
one way it falls down it accumulates
underneath you know so sometimes you
have the stuff that accumulates it
starts to catch fire
so now you just went to all the bubbles
to go away and whenever I'm doing this
I'm always afraid that the whole thing's
gonna explode because it does you know
that it's glass and it's getting very
hot so I mean at some point it's just
going to crack and explode in my face or
something you can turn on the the air
thingy okay so it's almost done
when pill is no more water
okay that's pretty much it so turn this
off here
the lemon juice you mix it up and then
you let it rest for about 10 minutes so
we'll just wait about 10 minutes and and
and while you're waiting put the stuff
back on so wait with the collar on for
minutes so you remove the cover and
that's very very good best way to make
rice you know maybe a little bit too
much lemon I usually make more than half
a cup but it's it's very good and very
simple very cheap and everything so I'll
see you guys some other time
