hey guys I guess I should welcome you
back to this ancient place that I'm not
really using much anymore but I guess
it's kind of going to collapse one day
but for the moment it's still kind of a
life and the toilets kind of leaking and
uh well there's a much that's working
here Oh pretty much destroyed and
there's this guy and that's the same
bottle I had like in a video I made two
years ago and it's so kind of there so
yeah I probably says a lot but yeah I
found a new addiction and I can't get
rid of and I guess it's frying off
comment oh here it is
my addiction is playing with liquid
paper like this or this or these
thingies I really like this stuff like
you do something like this and and you
have like something it dries right away
so he can write on it and have some kind
of secret message and then like put more
stuff over where is it oops
they could go dripped off a bit there
we can't stop doing that I mean I'm just
kind of addicted yeah I suppose when
you're going crazy you kind of do things
like that wait a minute
you know like I try different kind of
combinations and I can't let it try this
is like a mountain that I did there and
I think there's a staple hidden
underneath it and I would put some eight
and with liquid paper over it then have
it mix and have it mixed with the liquid
paper and then like it would become like
gray or whatever like an international
or interracial kind of liquid paper sort
of thingy there then I would do
something like this and try to mix it up
a bit now I like to do you know it's
like make these kind of weird
combinations where one side is going to
dry up a different speed than the other
and maybe put a little fortifications
around it there's something
this thing isn't all that good it's a
cheap brand from like balarama or
whatever how does this work
and then what I do is like I imagine
there's like some kind of a bunch of
people kind of stuck underneath there
like people so small this for them like
one millimeter is the same as maybe a
billion light years for us so they can
fit like in the glow gaps there and then
I kind of like I don't want it to dry
normally so I put it in the microwave or
in the freezer and I leave them there
like overnight or something and see like
how it's right up looks like to observe
you know like the transformation or
something so I guess I'll check this
again tomorrow morning well it's been a
day so I guess we can check out what's
happened Wesley
mmm it's a funny thing here a liquid
paper seems to have dried love the ink
has apparently partially dried
underneath but not completely
[Music]
I see
funny
what could have happened
I wonder because I I think here I left a
whole bunch of ink like this from the
bottle for about a week then I came back
and the the ink there was a huge blob of
ink it was all dry and they could touch
it it was like hard as rock so I mean
you know like you could put liquid vapor
on it or something and yeah so I guess I
should try to cover these things up
there
it's frozen I don't think that would be
good for our kitchen recipe but maybe
the bleach would take out the water or
something of that ink yeah yeah this
would be like a whole frozen little bulb
here as well okay
we can see it starts to mix and it's
getting kind of gray here this is kind
of like white gorgeous color or whatever
and here it's more like gray as it's
mixing it went better anyway so I won't
be back in this place for about a week
so or maybe two weeks on off so I'm
gonna put this stuff in the freezer and
see well it looks like when I come back
but it's gonna be difficult to wait a
minute how am I gonna transport this all
the way to the freezer without changing
the composition of the little bulbs
there because I wanted to freeze as is
then I kinda like have a detachable
frozen bleach crystal or something okay
let's hear this part okay but it's like
when we're gonna try to bring it up
that's gonna be what it will be
difficult
nah can't see
okay this is gonna be okay this in a
moment of oh okay it's not leaking yet
no should have started feeling a little
bit not much not much okay and it's fine
it's my thing
bullshit fuck it I almost went out of
the paper there Oh
because it could have been worse and why
this is here
those forever what kind of experiment
could probably have something once well
so some baby oil
[Music]
I love what I think mr. clean
I'll put this old nail polish back for
some reason it just doesn't please
okay so I guess I'll check back on this
in a week
