this is a really old videotape one of
the first I think it actually is a
first-ever Asterix video from the 60s I
think my way is from but it's a pretty
old tape and I'm kind of like or gasping
nostalgia or something
a really old thing either
it's my old bed
but much to see here the air conditioner
which is not necessary in the middle of
December an old dirty bike that doesn't
work anymore that I might have used like
four five years ago and the dirt on the
floor and the need to paint I was
looking through my old stuff and I still
have the original newspapers that came
out when there was the terrorist attack
of September 11th I have him here with
me but I've been saving them for this is
local paper this is from the 12th
September 12 of 2001 so it's the day the
first time it was in the papers so here
the pile says the media the moth which
means thousands dead people and please
basically the entire paper is dedicated
to this these might be the wrong page a
lot of this the whole paper like even a
sports section we're supposed to talk
about the Canadians it's the only thing
they're talking about is this you know
says in Washington they're talking about
a second Pearl Harbor frankly I think
this might have been a little bit worse
than Pearl Harbor when you know it's
your roller burrs like an act of war
you know attacking a military thing well
this was attacking civilians anyway now
this was I think I'm not sure if this
was a real video yeah now the
manifestations of joy and satisfaction
were recorded in the Middle East
particularly among Palestinians and here
it says it was in a refugee camp of
shadolla in Bayreuth that people were
basically celebrating for the the
attacks and I think this this this thing
might have been a hoax that we found out
sometime late I'm not really sure for
example this one here it says that they
were giving candies she is about to eat
candies as a gift from salesmen and
Jerusalem to celebrate the attacks which
may or may not be traveling on but I
think I think these two pictures were
were shown as hoaxes has been whatever
here it says they're suspecting it was a
solid bin ladin
at that point warrant really Sharia was
still kind of in the dark here's George
Bush back when he was young he's an old
geezer now and yeah he says he's gonna
punish the culprits
this was the ancient Prime Minister and
Landry in Quebec and yeah there what was
happening was then a group in Quebec was
planning some kind of an event in New
York and that morning and the event is
like kind of a scientific event and what
it would have been a rise in front or in
the side of the World Trade Center and
obviously was canceled but ya know
everything was going nuts munch all
hotels were full
yeah because airplanes were redirected
to many places including Montreal so
they had to make them sleep somewhere it
says someone called 9-1-1 saying our
planes been hijacked this is a hoax this
is a horror movie like one of the planes
number 93 crashed yeah in Pennsylvania
at Montreal people are escaping their
office towers this is the tallest
building in Montreal right near the the
Molson centre there's a huge skating
rink
not far well this is oh yeah they're
transporting the injured people there
there's nothing really other than that
in the papers which quality isn't too
surprising but it's kind of rare I don't
know if there are many events ever that
would essentially fill out an entire
newspapers of course except for with the
ads and again ads are always more
important than well see but yeah it's
like I can't remember anything you know
bigger than that as far as the news
media was concerned that's pretty much
it and what was happening at that point
was Saku Koivu
who was one of the players in the in the
canadians and he I think that that day
when we found out he had the cancer and
so the last pages and newspapers about
sports you know here it's Tiger Woods
and they talk about this thing and it
was one of the regular journalists sport
journalist and he's talking about the
attacks this was have a goaltender
brother who is you know he's talking
about one of his friends was in the
tower this is another sports journalist
and he's talking about you know the
attack and
like even long haensi stocking bought it
this was Greg dobry another ancient
flare from the Middle Ages this carl by
kiss am ancient player so yeah like even
the sports section it's it's really all
about that so it's not really that here
there's one little thing about psycho
koi was cancer
here it says yeah we know he doesn't
have Hodgkins but yeah we already knew
he had a cancer we didn't know what
kinda was yeah was some time ago and i
have also the paper coming the following
day the September the 13th I don't have
the one from the 11th I think I must
have thrown away but I remember and the
newspaper from September 11th obviously
they weren't talking about the attack
since the paper came up what was printed
the day before but I remember there was
actually an article about Osama bin
Laden and then we're looking for him and
stuff like that it it was actually kind
of creepy that there was an article
about bin Laden and the edition of the
paper before here 55 pages in the papers
and see this isn't really a very thick
paper and 55 pages on on something that
happened the previous day I don't think
that was yeah another thing that really
was much talked about anything else
there's a hundreds of Canadians that a
title is America is counting its debts
so it was says it's a carnage and
everything just pretty much went up to
high hell after that you know they were
wondering how many people that we're
gonna find dead and and the ruins
here Giuliani is saying it would take a
couple weeks
everybody's yeah there and dark eating
people like who knew bin Laden or
something did to find out like where he
is or you know what he's doing whatever
so that they could get him here that
they were wondering if the terrorists
who who made the attack actually went
through Montreal and some people were
thinking that they might have been
Montreal people kind of involved in in
the attacks know specifically what they
mean maybe they think like someone might
have helped them like get through the
customs or I don't know this is
the hotel in Boston oh yeah yes Pauline
yeah cuz I think some of the planes went
from Boston when the FBI was looking
through the plane another the hotel I
think where the terrorists we're staying
here it says a monumental battle of good
versus evil and George Bush cries for
vengeance and this was Jean cathain of
the ancient prime minister says the
heart of New York is worse than the
heart zone it's a worse destruction than
Babe Ruth and the Sarajevo see let's say
the United States has a hard time
getting back on its feet
it's kind of creeping we wonder how many
people were actually happy reading that
paper kinda makes you scared a bit
anyway these people putting flowers take
all over the world and therefore having
like little the monuments here they're
talking about you know people who were
actually calling from the plains yeah
that's actually pretty prophetic
prophetic and saying you know it was
gonna be different flying from now on
you know people are gonna be more jacked
and you know so was I think I was kind
of pretty much obvious after what
happened here and saying the Russians
and Castro and Arafat and they were all
like extending their hands to the United
States people giving blood and this is
Bruno's homeless Santa that is the same
like he was hiding in a secret thing in
Afghanistan
said Bin Ladin thank the God after the
the attacks because he was a really rich
guy you know so you know they're saying
like he had a huge terrorist network
that like because he had a lot of money
he could finance like a whole bunch of
stuff and then everybody's going crazy
like a suspect package you know I had a
evacuation purolator it's actually
pretty bad and no religious community
should be treated suspect yeah it's as
Muslim Americans were worried about you
know vengeance against them like
repercussions on on them because the
fairest or were Muslims here ma Arabs
and lunch all victims of racism three
Muslims were had been beaten up says
three Muslim teenagers were beaten by
about ten young guys in Montreal high
school which is kind of funny because
actually you know Arabs are like here
then they're saying Arabs victims of
racist things but Arabs are actually a
very small race there aren't that many
Arabs and I think actually most Muslims
aren't Arabs I think most Muslims are
black or Asian so it's kind of we tend
to associate you know Muslim and Arab
but that's not necessarily you know all
that accurate
he says we have the impression that the
terrorists you know stole our security
the world were psychologically affected
this is the suspects had a thinkin
piloting classes in Florida the munch
all firefighters ready to help the New
York guys this is pretty crazy thing I
don't really believe the world was
talking about anything else near Israel
that in our day means like they were
morning
yeah the ancient wall of Temple of Solem
on there and you know everybody was like
going nuts
ya know it's a business papers and
everybody's like really worried and
here's a Canadian dollar was at sixty
four point zero seven cents us it's
pretty long time ago and all the thing
is there were closed this is pretty
messed up yeah it was a pretty scary
thing an American newspaper they want
more paper delivery apparently of course
after stuff like that different so much
papers it kind of run out and now
finally he have something just talking
about other stuff cuz it would have been
a little bit I mean you know there's
other news happening to come though yeah
that was the biggest one but yeah anyway
I think I'm gonna be going to sleep now
