okay I think I just found something
amazing follow the way to make candies
and it's just something special and I'm
going to show you how to do it but it
takes a little while first thing is
we're going to eat ice but not this this
is no good so we pick this out the water
just like a little bit okay now we have
the bottom thingy there wait you may be
okay
has to be about equal amount of water in
each holder but it has to be just a
little bit just like okay
Bibi is a little bit more okay I think
that's okay that's pretty much it so
we're going to put this in the freezer
overnight so we're going to have
tomorrow morning is you know we're going
to have just a little bottom that's
going to be frozen and we're going to
make the candies from that so well it's
still no the night here so see you
tomorrow here we have ice and if you can
see that right up there's just a small
layer of ice and right at the bottom so
what we're going to do now put this back
or front now we're going to use a cup
like that as a measurement and might
here we're going to make Mike candy so
we're gonna open ah but this been having
some fainting spells recently really
feel kind of weird sometimes you know
like I'd be walking towards a
supermarket and you know I'm gonna go to
supermarket one by something as I'm
walking and walking and then all of a
sudden I realized that you know oh my
god I just got past a supermarket and
then it's like yeah that was like
up I walked a mile past it
and it happens sometimes a moment like
that and I just I don't even realize it
I just like it's like if I get in a
trance and my thoughts get locked out or
something and like I don't even remember
walking in front of supermarket was like
I know I did just melt right into it and
so what i'm doing here is i'm putting
kind of a mixture of mind and water and
it's difficult to find the right
combination there should be you know at
least a decent amount of mind and maybe
even more mind than water but if it's
too much no good what happens is that
we're going to make the candies in the
freezer right so if we put too much
water the candies are not going to work
out well because what's going to happen
is that they're going to be too hard but
if it's a good mixture of mind and water
then when it freezes is it's going to
solidify it's not going to be like ice
it's gonna be soft I know it's going to
be like you know like maybe on a sponge
but like I stopped together you can you
know kind of squeeze a little but
because the mind doesn't get doesn't
turn into ice king
let's see
some weird physics things going on
ah that's what's not supposed to happen
that's the danger the little ice thing
coming up so this one's going to be
ruined but the other is my copy okay
let's keep going
yeah I should have put more water
yesterday because the little thingies
are popping up at the surface watch or
the other because I wasn't it wasn't
enough yeah we're going to make it
anyway you'll see why okay we're going
to put this back in the freezer and
check back whoops
ouch either tonight or tomorrow or
something like that so yeah good bye
when was this
this candle that I'm trying to remove
I'm in one payment on the cup like that
but when there's no more use for it I'll
be with
this so that I can use that thing as a
pumpkin on should be pretty good cut one
stop that candle maybe do crop and
boiling water in this or something or
maybe should just finish see if it's
going to melt by itself or something how
can you like this without burning your
own fund wait like that oh
okay so let's see what this thing looks
like now and knology some of them
apparently have failed because like you
saw that the role I sing move up but
let's let's see anyway squeeze it at
that okay with a spoon take
take one of the mouse not too easy okay
the reason why I wanted to have no piece
of ice at the bottom is because if you
don't I want you to take it off like
that some of the stuff is going to stick
to the bottom you see and this is one of
those that throw bit of ice didn't float
back up so that's why so let's taste it
to see let's lie can you see it's kind
of soft you know I can kind of you know
see any hmm I don't that so good
you know I think I really found
something pretty good here hmm
yeah I think someone's going to steal
this recipe and make millions anyway so
long yeah you should try this it's very
easy so goodnight
