hi there while I make some tea got white
tea
I got tea for every race and and white
being you know black bean whatever so
yeah I got wonder how this stuff started
I mean I think like a thousand years ago
he had something
the drunken Chinese guy or something
with it he decided to take some flowers
probably you know trying to do something
kinky sex games or something and he was
like he's playing with the flour and
he's putting it in his thing there and
we all decide to drink it or something
you know that's the thing about modern
society is that we don't okay so I think
cameras are down so we don't see
innovate anymore we're all like
following recipe books or whatever but
you know in the old days you had people
like you know walking around and the
rose gardens or whatever I'm just
picking stuff up left and right or
something and randomly just eating them
now how do you explain that
today you have restaurants that you know
they sell like frog legs or cow
testicles or something I mean you know
it's you got all these random thing is
like Holland yeah how was the first time
anyone thought of eating that stuff and
now you don't have that anymore you know
now it's it can inheritors of that well
so here's how it works when you make tea
you put the little pee bags in a little
thingy there and you have hot water
coming over it and and it hears this for
a few minutes and it makes deep but you
can also add ingredients so we're gonna
try off sometimes
see peanuts we're gonna have some white
peanut be yeah it's kind of tough to do
this with more hand wait a minute I know
there's probably like millions of kinds
of foods out there that we don't know
are good because we're no longer
innovating you know we've got all these
Silicon Valley all these social lawns
today and I mean think about apples
hopefully when you're eating apples I
mean essentially eating an apple is
basically the same thing you know
because you know the Apple falls on the
soil or something and then it got
another tree that can't grows from that
Apple right so the Apple is essentially
the same thing as you know when you have
a tree whose jacking up or something and
you're like you know giving it some
default because that's what happens when
you're eating an apple right you're
giving it a tree of a blow job because
you know the Apple is that the seed from
the tree right so I mean you know today
you've got people who you know the
religious evangelists are all opposed to
gay marriage or something but in the
best you know people used to walk around
and give blowjobs - you know everything
that moved and trees and flowers and
plants and animals and that's how today
we've got all this delicious food out
there I mean we wouldn't know about this
stuff if it wasn't for the people back
then whose you lived in a time you know
back when Glenn Beck wasn't there but
yeah so you know I'm just I'm gonna go
out tomorrow or something
try to find kind of vegetation I've
never heard about or something what else
can we put I guess we're gonna comply
with I don't really have that much food
in there olives I suppose there's olives
are kind of liquidy thingies there so
it's gonna merge well with the liquid
water not the thingy how do they make
these olives I think it's like fruits or
something with
yeah wait I'm sure open it okay and I
think my battery's dying so I'd have to
stop the camera to put the battery in
the thingy there for a while it's gonna
stop soon anyway I'm gonna put these
little thingies there for the moment I
think this stuff might be past the
expiration date
no doesn't matter anyway oops
ah I'll have any accuracy anymore I
can't look I don't see this tense well
so it's a difficult to judge okay okay
I'm gonna put the camera battery dude
dude
char's no be right back yeah I think I
might need to need a new camera or
something anyway oh yeah forgot to close
this you know when you're making tea the
purpose is not that you're mixing
ingredients your can of mixing flavors
right and oh by the way she's pretty
cute yeah mm-hm
anyway forget yeah okay so we're gonna
think about more stuff we can put in
there I'm gonna like keep on a chart or
something everything can mix with D and
what's good and what's not good
I may be coffee or something
but the coffee use usually put it on top
there so we're gonna put just a little
bit because if there's too much you
might be disgusting they're out try to
add some flavor with chicken and so
that's what you get mozzarella Pete
ah sorry can't help dropping things
 the battery is going out again
the battery is going out again
man I hate this camera just give me a
sec
