so here's a having a problem with this
bathroom and this thing that's a
moisture detector if you put it against
the wall see and tells you how much
moisture you have on that wall you know
it's like around 7% I put it here look
at this in 8.1% put it here seven point
seven now look at what how big a weapons
on that wall sixty two point three right
back here eight percent let's put on
this wall again 63.3% let's try this one
okay let's go back here
I have to start again hey hey something
really wonder you it's pretty back here
that's changing oh okay so well there's
definitely something wrong I mean you
know it
I don't have problems in this bathroom
website from that but of course this
there used to be some problem with the
ceilings you know you had to replace the
whole thing is kind of weird but I mean
why does it say that the humidity is
wondering if I have to open the whole
wall and replace everything and boy
