oh this is what happens
I removed the sofa
and I noticed that the floor was kind of
ha wait
squiggly underneath so I removed the
tiles and I have a big hole in the floor
it was all wet down there full of water
I poured cement like a whole bag like
here yeah
Mahmut room I guess she'd sweat over
there so I don't know where the water
could have been coming from and it's a
sofa unless people have been peeing in
that salsa for years which I don't think
this is all bad oh and the wood here is
cattle and oh gee I mean I'll there be
just like a big gaping hole like this in
the living room seriously that's
all wet here so what to do here this
wood is small I mean it's covered with
the cement powder that I threw in there
I'm sure that what the best thing is I
could maybe if I like a metal pipe or
something and I just like put it down
here well it's not going to hold very
well but and I can because I have to put
another piece of floor here
if I I'm probably gonna have to cut this
out and then like it make a little
square or something to see how far it's
wet and then puts another piece of wood
in its place but how do I know where the
water's coming from it doesn't make any
sense
I mean the floor down there was dry but
that wall there I know the phone was
weapon was full of water but that the
wall there was like dry kind of but the
wood underneath here was all away so I
mean it's unclear god damn it no no I
have to find a way to rebuild this so
that it doesn't fall into pieces anymore
anyway I guess that's that I suppose I'm
gonna try to find a way huh damn it I
guess I'm gonna get something to eat now
or something
ok bye bye
