you know it's funny people spend
millions of dollars on strange things
like a videogame or something but it's
not like you know if people were not
able to have fun in the Middle Ages
you know there's back then there was no
like Super Nintendo or whatever it's
like it's like if the more people have
the more they get dependent on things
you know and you know it's funny if you
train your mind you can spend hours and
hours at a time staring and little
things like this little white thingy
here you know that's kind of like a rock
in the middle of this thingy there and
there's little cracks there and like is
this guy like another world you know and
it's like really small thingies there
and they're like walking around there
and and then there's this thing like
really far away but we were kind of
stuck you know and it's like if you know
it's another reality you know when I go
to public bathrooms
I always noticed these little things
like on the wall you can see like their
tiles and there's little rocks you know
and can't like separation between things
and it's like this thing is so small if
you go to see a little piece of ceramic
tile just a mile away in comparing sizes
it's like if you're in another planet
it's like the people here the little
insects or whatever little biological
animals have never heard about the
little thingies that are at that little
spot and that public toilet a mile away
from here and it's just the real thing
as normal reality because you know we
kind of live outside of it reality is
sort of there next to us but at the same
time it's kind of like we only see what
we can rebuild from the little
information we get you know we can only
see and hear smell and touch and the
little information that we get is you
know reinterpreted and we kind of
artificially create an image to guess
what reality is like but you know we
don't really
see beyond what we do see it's all like
a faraway or something kind of green
stuff on the camera a little lookin
person's gray not green I don't know why
this stuff over there looks green this
looks like you know some kind of a
botanical garden in a building after was
hit by missiles you know you can kind of
imagine like these little rooms of
things that used to be there you know
that little yellow thing far in a
distance could be a teddy bear that fell
off a little girl's room or something
after the bomb fell reality's a funny
thing see all these little things and
inside you each of these little dots
there could be something so small like
you can't even see it and no tools can
detect it but it's as complex as the
star system when all those thingies that
goes on and and elections and organized
crime and and volcanoes and whatever
it's like they're layers of existence
you know we only see one layer and we
give meaning to things that are simple
manifestations of the laws of physics
because we reconstruct everything we see
we make this like wait smells good
rubbing alcohol you know computers have
shown us something funny when you have a
computer simulation say you have a video
game in your computer and it's a 3d you
know environment you can make it
character run away and travel in a
distance forever and he'll across
tremendous distances but he will never
get out of that simulation because he is
part of it he exists in the same way
that the simulation does he is just
binary numbers in your computer just the
same as the warranty lives and that's
why this guy is stuck in that simulation
and the only way he can exist outside of
it as if a copy of himself is created
but it'll never be him
you'll never see him pop out of his
interior screen and appear in your
bedroom and that's the same for us in a
way don't you think
we're made of the same thing the world
we live in is made of and that's why we
can only exist in it but it doesn't have
to be so far away things that are hidden
from us could simply be too small or too
big it's funny
how an atom works in much the same way
as a solar system maybe that's the point
it's a different layer on one layer you
see a guy smiling at you
and you interpret it for what it is
supposed to mean based on the
information that you have based on your
own experience based on what you think
you're seeing that's one layer
it's our layer the human layer but there
are others in another layer there's a
thing so complex going on that you could
fill the entire encyclopedia dramatica
with it all the little wave patterns
building up in his brain leading to his
mouth muscles moving and forming a smile
such a complex thing but that's not our
layer that's not the world we live in
the world we live in is the one in which
it's just some dude smiling at you
that's all this yeah thing this guy is
dead or something
whatever
