well I like these ice cubes thing if you
put them in this machine you can can do
slush you know and I love to do slush
diamond out of it what was it oh yeah
mint syrup that's the best thing for for
slush put like an entire bottle of this
thing with like the equivalent of one
hole thingy like that or one 1/2 and
then you just kind of like put it on ice
crush and kind of move it around to make
sure that it cuts the whole ice but
anyway now I want to make rice krispies
I don't know how they get to these
things fascinated because this is rice
oops
yeah it's like a big price like this
mash it and like always drop things and
yeah I'm not sure how they can like make
it become all squishy like I'd always
like just swear but uh I think you have
to do with marshmallows let's put these
things microwave or something but
marshmallows and kind of like mix now
I've got a bunch of things all over the
place
go ahead idea
you
I'll have marshmallows but you can
always replace stuff another thing and I
think this thing you could work instead
just a I suppose if you make
marshmallows melting because they're
kind of like you know like sweet and but
it's like if the things that's not as
strong as late as that cake they'll get
that that's like cake sauce you know
like when you you build a cake you know
you can't put this stuff over it but I
usually make my own cake sauce mint and
you know rum or gin and sometimes Kiwis
with sambuca and stuff and now I got to
make this thing more liquidy this isn't
the camera order oh yeah I can't all
right like this
I hate mixing patience not licking
enough but yeah wait a minute these are
free arms like that game world combat on
this war but wait
must be a pretty good cook you
know what's the median score Oh again
yeah Goro that's what it was his name at
four armed and long combat makes all
these cooking videos we've got four arms
so it's easy for it to hold the camera
okay I'm going to have to add something
even more liquid since we're trying to
do a replica of marshmallows where
should use yogurt well this one's not
open yet I want to gotta use one that's
already open if I do have one of the
local cops now they're on okay now above
these a while ago so July 9th
oh it expires today hello boys
- disgusting but technically this kind
of stuff you can put it in the fridge
now rather in the freezer to slow down
like the thing eats like pop the bottom
of freezers right now whenever I think
of marshmallows I got it like a bad
feeling in my my head because I remember
like when I watched like the
Ghostbusters movie there was a the big
monster and back then I had this kind of
obsession
every time I I saw someone I imagine
what their genitals looked like you know
so like
some gag weather going ugly things or
something like the one thing that was
like when I saw old grandmother's
walking down the hole myself wouldn't
kick because she you know she's sold
another about that her gentle just not
really bad and you know I think like the
record for me like the one person that
when I saw his picture I felt how
man this guy's job those must be like
really ugly disgusting
it's Abraham Lincoln when I was younger
had can like an obsession that Abraham
Lincoln's famous because like he's so
ugly I can look at it at his picture is
kind of an unnatural ugliness most ugly
people we've got Cal like a strange so
what I've always had the idea that you
must have a pretty disgusting little bit
the smell is horrible so that's why you
know like hey Marshall always usually
because they remind me of like the Stay
Puft Marshmallow Man and then the Stay
Puft Marshmallow Man reminds me that my
old habit like back then to always
imagine what monsters penises look like
and smelled like and so I always
associated with Abraham Lincoln so like
when I think of Rice Krispies Square and
marshmallows I can help having a vivid
picture in my mind of Abraham Lincoln
just spreading a legs in my in my
kitchen it's just disgusting but
whatever
okay I think I had this thing well to
make rice krispie squares you have to
make sure this thing holds together and
where something doesn't really look like
a square is correctly yeah I'm going to
just throw this in the microwave
for something someone gave me the idea
of making bacon
I haven't eaten bacon like mostly Abe
Lincoln administration oh okay how do I
open this thing
I wonder if there's such a thing as
kosher I guess I'll just put it in there
my oven doesn't really work well I don't
really use it because it's like it's all
like you know which uses gas
I don't like gas stuff yeah it sounds
soft smells like dude it's like a
soft Park episode everything looks and
smell like I see in my plate
now okay
come to think of it this stuff looks
like they just sliced piece of a big
penis or something because look at the
shape okay
okay look at a tire let's put it 30
seconds okay I'm going to taste this
thing
how could have it become a square oh
yeah we have square shapes there all
these with your smoking
it looks disgusting 30 more seconds
it's kind of squaring see if it tastes
good
they're down
yeah be and that's not that bad news for
that more stuff to it thing might have
an idea let's do strong I need to have
something to we can miss bacon this
rather than work that's supposed to be
hard and crispy
yeah I hate things never work as
advertised always like I seen it on TV
no CMD yeah I'm just going to put the
whole thing in the blender I want to add
alcohol tea usually when something
tastes you strong it's because we need
to put some cocktails you drown them old
taste in the soda water and make it more
just to make it more strong because like
sometimes taste
and I suppose like the resulting game I
put in the microwave or something you
made to be more like let's see I'll put
single gin it don't have seven up but
okay you know what okay see if it tastes
good bacon
nothing clues I'm not gonna eat that
 anyway it's not crispy so
let's see I want nerve it's going to get
hard if I put it in the in the microwave
it looks like a Justin American rice
krispies no thank you no this kind of a
desk I guess to see if it's something we
could do but like I'm going to have to
try to make it more complex
Oh sad
ah well forget it just disregard this
one thing just start now I want to go to
sleep
