well I'm trying to piece together a
computer here but here I'm supposed to
put two hard drives here but the thing
is broken so I have to put my hard
drives outside like that and wire them
in so this means that inside there
there's a fan but it's useless because
it's supposed to be cooling the hard
drive them they're out here and there
yeah overheating
I don't know
do this I mean the whole thing is
working see but ya have to
find some kind of way
we move this thingy there
see this fan is useless because it's
it's cooling part of the computer that's
empty the hard drives aren't there
anymore
see it's there's nothing in there so
yeah
I'd have to try to remove this cut open
parts of the stuff behind so I could
somehow put these things in there
without that panel
on your way it's too complicated see you
later so this is how I've been working
in the bathroom so far see it's working
now
and I put a seal underneath me tears of
promise the ones below that these ones
are just here this one's got to put some
you know stuff here like this little
liquid thingy that you swipe up on the
corners there
like this to make it look better but
yeah hard part is definitely done I
think it looks quite a lot better and
there's underneath you know about you
know five or six steel columns holding
this together so I think it's pretty
solid
you gotta clean the bathtub yeah I guess
I guess for the moment things are going
well obviously gonna paint the ceiling
love it and you know paint all over
there because I don't think it's been
painted for like 30 years
yeah
well that big thanks looking up here
Starbucks coffee Frappuccino I'm kind of
addicted to this thing and it's very
unhealthy and I guess maybe that's why
I'm addicted to it this is my new
computer screen and as you can see here
it's got a little 3d button and you know
it can have it sitting in glasses there
and he comes with you put a little
there's thing that when you put a
battery in there so with a you know the
glasses if you put in 3d we could have
like if you're watching a like a 3d
blu-ray or something have it uh 3d in
the end the screen and it comes off
pretty well this is what the case looks
like when it's finished was able to
fix the thing with the hard drives here
it's funny you can you know if you open
this it can pull all the hard drives and
can put like four of them in there and
with this I have the wireless internet
anyway so I've been kind of bouncing
around like a rubber duck or something
in the past period of time and so I
thought of making a video and of course
I have no earthly idea what to make this
life is getting a little rusty I think
what I'm gonna do is none that really
recipe since I have this bread there I'm
gonna show you something I like and it's
hummus and oh yeah I forgot about
something else I have to shut down the
camera for a second I'll be right back
ooh
Kamik I'm gonna ask you guys a favor a
favor from everybody who watches this
video the next time you go like grocery
shopping or whatever it is you guys do
to get food a buy ice cream and more
specifically sore bad this thingy
the lemon sorbet but yeah
this thing like it's a frozen lemon with
ice cream in it and these this is rough
it to make sure it's clean it smells
good from here and this is probably the
most delicious ice cream that's ever
been invented in the history of well
inventions and good take a little bite
from here yeah none of them seriously
Oh God yeah let's do good I had
something like that in Italy in the
early 90s I think I'm not sure when it
was but then I you know I hadn't had any
of it like for what over 20 years and I
didn't I thought it was just this
restaurant that made it but then I
realized when I saw this at Costco they
were selling you know packages with
lemon and you know pineapple orange
whatever and so I thought it would be
something like that and i and i think
that it tastes exactly that like that
thing i bought in italy 20 years ago
it's really good and the reason i'm
asking everybody by this thing is
because if more people buy it and then i
guess whatever company is making this is
not gonna go out of business and i'm
gonna be able to keep buying this stuff
because it's really good so yeah so yeah
this is a coulis I don't between you
know what it is the only reason I bought
this is because in Borat that they were
making jokes about humorous sounding
like Hamas and it kind of sparked my
curiosity about this
and this is cabinet red it's really
buying this out of habit I guess I don't
really have a specific reason oh by the
way you guys seen my new video intro
with a little strange animation where
it's blue and the you know and it stops
up like that and a strange disclaimer
talking about sambuca that was I I made
that little thing with like at the intro
to meso videos like I don't know maybe
three years ago or something but I never
used it because I lost a file and like
you know in the new computer I built
they want to meet up with all my old
files in the hard drive so I went
through all my old external hard drives
to you know solve it whatever files I
could get and I found that natural thing
that I was planning to put in the
beginning of every video several years
ago back on my old account and then I
just forgot about it so yeah I kind of
liked it
but whatever yeah who must and for some
reason I mean I put it on the other can
of bread you know like the basic neutral
white bread and it's just like
disgusting it doesn't taste good with it
but when the Kamath bread it tastes
really good that's kind of strange cos
you know like grilled cheese like you
put like this dark yellow square cheese
thingy like on the piece of like you've
toasted bread and then you put the
cheese on it then you kind of squish
them together yeah so the cheese kind of
melts like in the hot bread or something
and yeah grilled cheese and you didn't
like sandwich that's really good with
you know the basic white bread you know
with no nutrition and whatever and but
it's not really good with the cameoed
bread it just doesn't go well together
but the humus is the other way around it
goes really well with a camel
HUP announcer inbred nobody doesn't go
well with the white bread there is
difficulty toast with a spoon and one
hand but yeah so this is like the most
delicious thing in the world next to the
sorbet of course nothing's gonna beat
this sorbet yeah and oh yeah I'm tiling
the bathroom as I showed it early the
video yeah but I still have stuff to do
in this place I mean the seats all dirty
and the ceiling is really dirty and if
you see I start to faint but I haven't
see there's a little like triangle there
cuz I faint like one section after the
other and see all there it's all nice
and well painted but now I have that
section there to paint and it almost
looks human
I mean really almost but yeah I have to
clean up the the thingy they're in and
something and oh yeah this is the box
with the cooler for the computer because
when you have a processor and a computer
it's a guess like really really hot so
you have to buy a cooler to keep it cold
and when I bought this brand and what
happens is that there's a thermal
compound scammed like a little goo ish
based that you between the processor and
the cooler so that the heat gets
transferred right and the thing is that
and in that little thingy you don't have
to put it because it's already on there
but I didn't know that I just opened it
and you know I thought it was like the
old cooler
from the 1990s or something but yeah so
I kind of like got it all over my
fingers and you know so it wasn't enough
of the cooler and then my processor just
kind of died so I had to buy a new
cooler and a new processor it's like
wasting money money anyway
garbage stuff bang way so the most
important thing is you know try this
thing either homeless and here it says
traditional there's other brands like
with vegetable and spicy whatever and it
tastes like poop from one of those weird
animals in Star Wars so it's not really
good but this cameo bread and
traditional humorous homeless whatever
it's like yeah it's really good so yeah
eat that
