well hello for anybody who's watching
this video I have a little exercise
philosophical exercise that I can
suggest and it's actually very powerful
and I call it basically reaching the
limits of knowledge reaching the limits
of the facade that you've built around
the world that you inhabit what limits
you in understanding will limits you in
being able to to see to really see
something ok so the exercise is first of
all you make a statement ok for example
I can make the statement I today I went
to the post office ok that's a statement
and when you've made your statement you
ask yourself why ok so what is the
reason so I went to the post office why
because I wanted to mail a letter ok and
then you can specify as much as you want
want to mail a letter to that person or
whatever now you've made the second
statement which is I wanted to mail a
letter and then you repeat the exercise
and you ask yourself why and then you
end up with a new statement and you keep
going and you ask yourself why and you
end up on another statement and then you
keep going and you can go on for hours
and hours and hours and this is where
you really test yourself because at some
point job when you find that you are
making a circular reasoning when you are
answering for example well you have Y
and you answer well because that's the
way it is or when you find yourself
dodging the question when you find
yourself well that you're not really
being honest that you're not really
trying to understand no you're not
really opening your mind
eventually you'll stumble upon something
like that so I'm kind of a block
sometimes it's simply going to be I
don't know eventually though what you
have to do is to really look at what
happened why can't you go on and really
try to open your mind and understand
whether or not there's a way that you
can actually keep going honestly and
when you stumble like that this is what
I call the limit you've reached the
limit that's as far as you go and then
well you can see how we get all tangled
up in the logic in language basically we
don't see reality what we see is our own
fabrication that comes as close as
possible to what we believe is reality
but that is simply an imitation and the
objective is to try to see beyond that
and you know you can do this exercise
for a long time you can spend the days
and weeks you know you can write down
dollar your new statements on your
computer for example and every time you
know you have your statement then you
write the next one and you know why and
then you just keep going and so we can
trace your steps and see how far you go
and eventually you can end up in some
kind of weird biological babble about
you know why does this person feel sad
and then you're you're he might start
talking about either holla that person's
brain works or you're going to start you
know digging into the past but you're
going to end up at some point you're
going to stumble you're going to go in
circles you're going to just stop you're
going to get blocked and the objective
is to go as far as you can and I've been
doing this for well a very very long
time
and so this is the exercise that I'm
recommending for your own spiritual and
philosophical awakening and Godzilla
says hello you know see this part of
Godzilla stale is actually broken you
know and you know that was like it must
have been like 20 years ago or something
but i remember at some point you know i
would take the little part it was about
this long and i would put it here and I
would pretend it was his penis and all
my friends were laughing and everything
and everybody thought it was so funny
and you know like everybody was like oh
yeah I got a good zylus penis and
everything alright so I think about that
and I hope this helps you out in your
life and we'll see you some other time
with another video
