there's something really strange
happening in this toilet I mean I don't
know how it happened but I have a
feeling that somehow like something made
the wires like connect up for some
reason like see like here like here
there's water okay it gives you like the
little thingies movie and here like
knowing water is coming out of this but
if I turn this on the water starts
coming out of this thing
but then I turn Hey it stops kind of
it's kind of weird
wait a minute okay let's see yeah
they're in this song and it starts here
and there's a weird noise coming from
here somewhere
I'm not sure I really get it there's
something something really odd going on
this thing
hmm I think I'm gonna have to remove the
rest of of the tiles here so that I can
find a solution and put like remove the
little plaster thingy here and and put
some instead it's gonna be more solvent
because see this isn't strong enough I'm
gonna like put cement or something and
all this stuff's making me hungry I
think I'm gonna eat something I guess or
whatever but
this thing is connected to here how
would it magically it doesn't make sense
gee I don't know whatever okay I'll
think of something I guess
